Let's go ahead and quickly rename our layers.
So we'll start with this guy.
He's the back of our cavern's whole column Kavran back.
Call this guy windows shadow
black eye windows
.
Call this guy cavern shadow.
Call this guy
Vern highlight and shadow we'll just put edge s for short.
Let's start creating our castle.
So let's open our castle drawing.
I've done a little test here already and I'll be using that for polar reference so the first thing we
want to do is we want to add a new layer and using our Lasso tool or one to trace out the shape of our
cylinder
that we're going to fill that in with a gradient of this purple and it's blue.
There's their colors
.
Go ahead and fill that in
Now let's copy this while we have it selected and then we are going to create a new layer.
We'll bring them underneath our drawing and we will piece this guy on it.
So now we have two and let's call this guy reuse
and then let's put them in a folder so we know not to use them.
Alright we're going to reuse that a lot in the creation of this castle.
And that's why we've done that.
Let's go ahead and carry on.
So now we're going to use the marquee tool and use the elliptical marquee tool to create a cylinder
that is about the width of our shape.
We just made that we're going to go ahead and fill it with this blue
then we're going to resize it to make sure that it does fit.
Actually it's quite nice under
us and we've just created our cylinder.
That was my bad.
I copied and pasted this before we wanted to use it so we can go ahead and delete that guy.
And then let's come back up here and now we want to copy and paste them.
Now that we have our top on them
or rename them for us.
All right.
Now what we'll do is we will paste another one and this guy we want behind our first one and we're going
to shrink him down.
So
awesome.
Now let's create a new layer underneath him and using our Lasso tool we are going to trace out this
triangle
and we're going to fill him with this color.
There's the color
and then using our work tool.
We're going to work a curve into him like so
.
All right.
Awesome.
Now let's add one more layer.
Using the elliptical tool.
We're going to create an elliptical that is about the width of our cone or triangle
skin and then we're going to grab this color
and we'll fill that in
and we'll bring him up.
We want to bring him in front of our triangle and then we're going to grab this read once more.
And then using our brush and making sure we're on a soft brush and we're going to turn our opacity down
to two.
We are going to paint a bit of a shadow in
like so